hi everyone welcome back to article see
a couple of weeks ago I ordered from
hobbyking VPP system a variable pitch
prop system I thought I want to learn
how to fly a 4d airplane indoors so I
went for the system that hobbyking had
but why was I wrong this time let me
show you something okay this is the
system that i got from hobbyking about
two systems one system with a nine-inch
props and the other one with 10 because
I was thinking about using it on my ass
back the bigger EPP plane okay so here
you have the shaft you have the blades
and you have the motor with a hollow
shaft one of the funny things with this
motor is that if you're going to connect
the plates the the mounting plate on
this one the motor will be standing
inside the plane so what I did I just
loosen the set screws or and pushed the
shaft the other way so I can mount the
shaft and wait on this side nothing hard
to do actually anyway everything was set
up I even bought esc with with Governor
mode so that it could be easier for the
motor working on the variable pitches
and I was sitting on the floor I kept
playing a long way from my head of
course and tested out the normal mode
the drug was good and everything was
okay and then I switch in the in idle up
mode
did forward drag very good backward
brother or reverse drag superb and
suddenly I felt this smell it smelled
really bad and with early in a second a
big bang and the whole motor exploded
and it was it was freaking hot and I
started to scrape up parts from the
floor and I couldn't find the shaft for
the motor and except from cutting my
planing to this shaft just disappeared
but wait a second the funny thing is
that I've been looking all round for it
I couldn't find it at all at any places
so when I came to work today I talked to
my girlfriend and told her that there's
some parts missing so if you find them
just put him on the table or so on and I
guess they're up in the attic or down in
the cellar because that was quite a big
bang and she was just laughing and then
I got a facebook update from her which
where where she has tagged my name and
she showed me this picture and I'm going
to show you the same thing right now
look here there's a beautiful ball with
a lot of pictures we have lamp and
Tantra what so here is the shaft not
good at all
but she she loved her ass off I can
promise you she called me after posting
the picture of YouTube i'm going to show
you the picture right now and she was
laughing unstoppable so she's not mad
but she told me she wasn't going to
remove this before i came home from work
so i could show you guys how things
really can go when they go bad okay you
VPP system will be ordered from a
flights I guess their system is much
better and take a look at these plates
and on the forum for this system from
hobbyking I've read that the motors are
going hot immediately so I don't know
why hobbyking still sells please one but
anyway now I have a motor extra motor
laying around for other use than the VPP
system okay I got to go with see you
later guys bye